well we're gonna do it's like a dry
masala Carolyn fish curry to go with
that doing a really nice tomato and
coconut nice sticky chutney the king of
filling is going to take the king of
fish the clean fish pass it over to
Simon king to make the kingdom curries
in Kerala it's a lot of cares that Oh
lovely
do you want to see how the skin fish is
dead easy prick skin side down get a
really sharp knife tink it under the
tail grab it like it's gonna escape and
just start there just run your knife
down
voila now that is a perfect flit of fish
for Deb's wonderfully fileted fish
we're gonna do this my Renaud it's
brilliant we're gonna put some natural
yogurt in and then some garam masala did
you make me out its goodness I got it
from a spin now these little black balls
of loveliness are mustard seeds and when
you fry them the pop and release all the
flavors excellent this is ground
coriander and this one is ground cumin
in some chili powder pinch of salt
cardamoms look how green they are you
need to bruise them not like GBH
just bruised walky just a release this
seeds releases all those fantastic
flavors brilliant we just want to push
all of those spaces through the yogurt
you know sometimes I think with a
marinade that you really can leave it
too long I think some like fish like an
hour's tops
after that special good fish like this
you're going to kill the flavor of the
fish put it in so your marinade caught
it it's not too thick look the Marin
odds just sitting on the fish cover it
leave it for an hour fry it off we'll be
doing that in a bit whilst Kinky's fish
is marinating I'm gonna be making a
tomato and coconut chutney there's cops
everywhere in Kerala you know there's as
many coconuts as there are fish and
that's saying something
the cuisine kind of is built around fish
and coconuts as I say it pop of onions
at six cloves of garlic it's aromatic
chutney don't be shy with your spices
some fresh ginger chopped the green
chili be careful at home when you're
chopping chilies no stress see the
Curless finger can bring grief firstly
if you want the timeless leave that no
my favourite curry leaves there's about
a dozen here again don't be shy some
desiccated coconut plus it's kind of
dried and it's sticky and sweet we'll
just let that toast for a couple of
minutes but it begins to like a macaroon
don't be shy with your desiccated
coconuts
now time for the Tom tours tinned
tomatoes skinned fresh tomatoes and to
give it some richness some tomato paste
now at the moment we're making a coconut
tomato sauce we need some chutney
fication
I want some sugar got the spoonfuls and
now some balsamic vinegar this is kind
of to give the sourness oh that's a
really nice balance bubbling away nicely
leave that for about twenty minutes to
become a thick gooey kind of chopped
mate really sorry gonna have a cup of
tea now
oh I'm desperately
thank you very much yes nice all we need
now to finish it off with some curry
under sprinkles I'll put the sprinkles
discretions they've got a thing about
sprinkle and everything I'm sure that
means puss lady was Dutch parsley
sprinkles flame sprinkles any sprinkle
hit the possibly sprinkle day of
sprinkles it's for that touch of vernian
chic okay look it's all crunched on the
outside now that's that's partially the
yogurt and the spices lovely courting of
loveliness disposable plates texture
McKean off but a little bit of art and
design goes a long way whoa look what
I've got God's own crockery Oh a nice
big dollop of chutney in the middle of
eating look at that